# Mallet
The patch for recent Mallet.

Recently, I ran Mallet with two different datasets (one with 100M and the other one around 1G). Usually this kind of exception happened with the larger dataset and when I wanted to run in in parallel for larger iteration numer like 100 for the larger dataset. It threw Exception :ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException in two different files:  WorkerRunnable, ParallelTopicModel in different spots. So the thing is when the array reaches the end of the array, it prints “overflow in merging on type” to the logger and after that point, the program doesn’t do anything to get out of the situation. I was able to patch these edge cases with index checking before accessing to the array. It helps me run it without breaking it but I am not sure how it might change the output anyways and it also keeps printing the same message “overflow in merging on type ” as usuall but it goes on and doesn’t throw any exception.
I have uploaded both datasets, both are four years of data; (1 Jan 2015- 1 Jan 2019), smaller one is StackExchange (DataScience) and the larger one is Reddit (9 DataScience Subreddits) and my two java files and their respective complied class objects as well. All you should do is to replace the files with the existing ones; for java files: ‘/src/cc/mallet/topics/’ and for the class files: ‘class/cc/mallet/topics’. I hope it resolves the issues for me as I haven’t seen this break again under different circumstances. If it doesn’t resolve your issues, you should probably download the latest version from github (https://github.com/mimno/Mallet) and debug and build it yourself.
